Welcome to your first challenge.
And this one, you're going to be creating a new project with the following dependencies.
Keep in mind, as back in developers, we don't really care too much about HTML, but we do need to
work around it.
So this exercise is going to allow you to leverage the HTML cheat sheet.
You'll be provided with these two JPEG images.
Then you'll display these images along with their corresponding captions in different ways.
Again, keep in mind each HTML is not our main priority as backend developers, but we do need a little
bit of understanding of how to work with it.
Once you get familiarity with the HTML cheat sheet, you'll be set for the rest of this course.